the space explorers are in trouble
I need you little bill to help rescue
them the space explorers were on the
planet Yavin where they met a giant
robot named robot ciao are you brave
enough to help me rescue the space
explorers okay let's set a course for
the planet
Yaba
you
we're blasting off smack let's put our
brains together place explores wanna
hang on now whether you was the Fortius
planet or galaxy
look what bachi it's what's in the cave
that's why the space explorers can't get
out can't forget our mission little bill
rescue the space explorer that's correct
I got it if we take the key out robota
key won't work then we can rescue the
space explorers brain testing
you
captain brainstorm we knew you'd rescue
us well I couldn't have done it without
the help of my friend little bill thanks
little bear little bill you're welcome
my friend hellooo hi space explorers
let's get little bill home for lunch and
blast-off on our next adventure
you